in March of 1941. I was 16. And between March the 13th and March the 14th I
became an enemy alien. I had to register at the police and somewhere I might still have this.
I don't think I have. Anyhow I had this photograph, a little grey aliens registration
book, which showed how cold and chill bling-witten I was at the time. You see, to me, I wasn't a refugee.
To me, I'd come here. What they thought was their problem. When I went to this police station,
I suppose it was fortunate that it was in Wales because they made light of it. So I mean I just
knew it hit people. And again it was something that happened like bad weather. You know, you just
took it and I got this card and the Welsh police were all sweet. You know, it didn't,
I don't think it impinged a lot. What impinged was something much deeper than I was coping with
by saying to myself, I'll show them who I am.